{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green133\blue214;\red127\green127\blue127;\red250\green247\blue217;
\red172\green145\blue111;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c52157\c83922;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c98039\c96863\c85098;
\csgenericrgb\c67451\c56863\c43529;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Scrivener is designed to be flexible, allowing you to organise your writing however you want. You grow your manuscript in the Draft folder in sections as small or large as you like, using whatever structure you feel works best. When you are ready to get your manuscript out there for other people to read, you \'93compile\'94 the contents of the Draft folder into a single exported or printed document.\
Before we get to the Compile feature, however, we are presented with a problem: given that you can arrange your manuscript however you want, how can Scrivener know what each section is supposed to be, or how it should be formatted or arranged in the final manuscript? How can it know the difference between a title page and an introduction?\
Or, suppose you decide to break up a novel by using a folder for each chapter, with text documents inside those folders each representing a scene. How does Scrivener know that your folders represent chapters and your text documents represent scenes?\
The answer is that you tell Scrivener what each piece is using 
\f1\i Section Types
\f0\i0 .\
In the previous examples, you would:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Create section types in your project for \'93Title Page\'94, \'93Introduction\'94, \'93Chapter\'94 and \'93Scene\'94.\
{\listtext	2.	}Ensure each document has the appropriate section type applied.\
{\listtext	3.	}When compiling, tell Scrivener how to format each section type (we\'92ll cover that in the next section).\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Let\'92s see how section types work in practice:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Ensure the inspector is open and select the Metadata pane (the third button in the header bar, the one with the tag icon).\
{\listtext	2.	}Under \'93General Metadata\'94, you will see a \'93Section type\'94 pop-up menu.\
{\listtext	3.	}Clicking on it, you will find the following options:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\li1440\fi-1440\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\f1\i Structure-based:
\f0\i0  Tells Scrivener that the current document should use the default section type based on its indentation in the binder (we\'92ll look at this in a moment).\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\f1\i Project-specific types
\f0\i0 : \'93Heading\'94 and \'93Text\'94 are the only two section types specifically set up for this project\'97we\'92ll edit them in a moment.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\f1\i Edit
\f0\i0 : brings up the Project Settings panel so that we can edit the section types.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Note that this document\'92s section type is displayed as \'93Text\'94 in grey italics. The grey italics indicate that this document is using the \'93Structure-based\'94 setting, and that the default section type for the current document is \'93Text\'94. If we wanted, we could change it explicitly to \'93Heading\'94 or \'93Text\'94 using the pop-up menu.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb300\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f4\b\fs36 Defining Section Types\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs28 The above is all a little abstract. It will make much more sense if we think about this in terms of the current binder and set up some custom section types ourselves. Take a look at the contents of the Draft folder in the binder:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The three folders at the top level of the Draft folder are \'93The Basics\'94, \'93Going Further\'94 and \'93Tips\'94\'97the three folders that use custom yellow icons (by \'93top level\'94, I mean the ones that are indented the least). The way I\'92ve organised this tutorial, each of these folders represents a major 
\f1\i part
\f0\i0  of the Draft.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The blue folders inside the three top-level folders\'97folders such as \'93Get Oriented\'94, \'93Get Organised\'94 and so on\'97are essentially 
\f1\i chapters
\f0\i0 .\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The text documents inside the blue folders each represent a different 
\f1\i section
\f0\i0  inside a chapter.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 So, the way I have organised the Draft for this tutorial is by parts, chapters and sections. Let\'92s set up the section types of this project to reflect that.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clcbpat4 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf3 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f5\i\b Tip: 
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0\fs28 You can open these instructions in a separate window so that you can read them while the Project Settings panel is open by clicking on the pencil button in the toolbar. This opens a \'93Quick Reference\'94 window which you can place alongside the main project window. If there isn\'92t room on your screen for both windows, go to Window > Float Quick Reference Panels. This will ensure the Quick Reference window floats over the top of the main project window.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In the main menu, go to 
\f3\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Cs::2>
\f6\b Project > Project Settings\'85
\f3\b0 \cf0 <!$Scr_Cs::2>
\f0\fs28  and make sure \'93Section Types\'94 is selected in the list on the left of the window that appears.\
{\listtext	2.	}In the \'93Section Types\'94 tab, double-click into \'93Heading\'94 and change its title to \'93Part\'94.\
{\listtext	3.	}Do the same for \'93Text\'94, renaming it to \'93Chapter\'94.\
{\listtext	4.	}Click the \'93+\'94 button to add a third section type and name it \'93Section\'94. (Note that you can drag and drop section types in this list to reorder them, but we\'92ll leave this order as-is.)\
{\listtext	5.	}Click \'93OK\'94.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Now click on the section type pop-up menu in the inspector again. You\'92ll see that where before there were options for \'93Heading\'94 and \'93Text\'94, there are now options for \'93Part\'94, \'93Chapter\'94 and \'93Section\'94, which makes much more sense for our project.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb300\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f4\b\fs36 Defining Default Section Types by Structure\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs28 There\'92s a problem, however: this document is shown as being a \'93Chapter\'94 rather than a \'93Section\'94. One way we could fix this would be to override the setting manually. Try that now:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Click on the section type pop-up menu in the inspector.\
{\listtext	2.	}Change the setting to \'93Section\'94.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Great! Except\'85 It\'92s going to be a pain to change that setting for every single text document in the binder. Fortunately, we don\'92t have to. Let\'92s change it back again:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Once more, click on the section type pop-up.\
{\listtext	2.	}Change the setting to \'93Structure-Based\'94. (It will change back to \'93Chapter\'94 in italicised text.)\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Structure-Based\'94 means: 
\f1\i Use a default section type based on the indentation of this document in the binder
\f0\i0 . But how does Scrivener pick a section type based on indentation? That\'92s something you teach it in the Project Settings again:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the Project Settings from the main menu again.\
{\listtext	2.	}This time, select the \'93Default Types by Structure\'94 tab at the top. As soon as you do, you\'92ll notice that many folders in the binder are highlighted yellow.\
{\listtext	3.	}Try clicking on the three rows\'97\'93All folders\'94, \'93All file groups\'94 and \'93All files\'94. As you do so, different documents will be highlighted yellow in the binder.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The yellow highlights show which documents are affected by the selected setting. So, when you select \'93All folders\'94, all folders are highlighted yellow, for instance. Now let\'92s change the default settings:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Leave \'93All folders\'94 as it is for now (so that the \'93Section Type\'94 is set to \'93Part\'94).\
{\listtext	2.	}Change the section type for \'93All file groups\'94 to \'93Section\'94. (A file group is a text document containing other text documents.)\
{\listtext	3.	}Change the section type for \'93All files\'94 to \'93Section\'94.\
{\listtext	4.	}Click \'93OK\'94.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We just told Scrivener that all folders are parts and all text documents are sections. If you look over in the inspector again, you\'92ll see that the section type for this document now correctly reads \'93Section\'94. If you click on any other text document, you\'92ll also see the section type set as \'93Section\'94. If you click on a folder, such as \'93The Basics\'94 or \'93Get Oriented\'94, you\'92ll see the section type set as \'93Part\'94.\
But wait, we don\'92t want 
\f1\i all
\f0\i0  folders to be parts\'97only the top-level folders in the Draft (the ones using custom yellow icons) should be parts. The folders inside them (one level deeper) should be chapters. Let\'92s fix that:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open Project Settings again.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on \'93All folders\'94 to select it.\
{\listtext	3.	}Click the \'93+\'94 button (the one with two lines next to it).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	4.	}Note how \'93All folders\'94 changes to \'93Root folders\'94 and another row is added entitled \'93Level 1 folders and deeper\'94.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Click the \'93+\'94 button again.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	6.	}A \'93Level 2 folders and deeper\'94 row will be added.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}Try selecting the different folder settings\'97\'93Root folders\'94, \'93Level 1 folders\'94 and \'93Level 2 folders and deeper\'94\'97and take notice of what gets highlighted in the binder. You\'92ll see that the Draft folder is a \'93root folder\'94, the yellow folders are at \'93level 1\'94, and the folders using regular blue icons are at \'93level 2\'94.\
{\listtext	8.	}Change the section type for \'93Level 2 folders and deeper\'94 to \'93Chapter\'94.\
{\listtext	9.	}Click \'93OK\'94.\
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Now try clicking on \'93The Basics\'94 and \'93Get Oriented\'94 in the binder again, taking note of the section type for each in the inspector, before returning here. Scrivener now knows how our binder is structured, and what each level represents. This means that, from now on, we\'92ll only need to change the section type in the inspector for the occasional document that we want to be different.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clcbpat4 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf3 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f5\i\b Note:
\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0\fs28  When you create a new project based on one of the templates, such as the novel templates, the section types are all set up for you (although you now know how to edit them should you so wish).\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx720\sl264\slmult1\sa360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 These section types are going to come in handy when we compile the Draft, which is what we\'92ll move on to now\'85}